>> Hello.
Welcome to the Haskell weekly podcast. I'm your
host, Cameron Gera, an engineer at ITProTV.
And with me today is Taylor Fausak,
lead engineer. As well as a guest. How you doing, Taylor?
>> I'm doing well, Cam. Thanks for having me on the show this week.
>> So we have a guest. I would
love to have you introduce him.
>> Yeah. I'm very excited to introduce our first ever
guest on the Haskell weekly podcast. We're
thrilled to have him on. Thank you for joining us
today. Matt Parsons, author of Production Haskell.
Thanks for joining us
>> Hi Yeah. Thanks for having me on. Excited to talk.
>> So welcome. You're calling us from Sunny Denver and
we're talking to you from Florida. So we got, like, most of the
United States covered here feels good.
>> The important parts anyway,
>> Very true.
>> I don't know. West Coast listeners
disregard that
>> We love all people.
>> Yeah,
>> we're inclusive here.
>> Um, but yeah, we are really excited to have our first guest on
and particularly talking about this book. But before we launch into
that Matt, I feel like you and I share kind
of a common history or maybe I'm mistaken and just projecting a little bit.
But, um, you have some ruby in your background too, right?
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> The programming language, not the gem.
>> My first real
internship was with a startup in Athens, Georgia,
doing ruby on rails. And that's kind of
where I got my experience building things out with.
I learned how to build Web apps from
the
Michael Hartl's Rails tutorial,
and that is kind of poisoned How I look at all Web programming
ever since then. So now whenever I
look at evaluating something, it's like, All right, I'm gonna build a Twitter clone. We'll see
how easy this is.
>> And that's something that rails make super easy and you say poisoned.
But I feel like it's probably like Ruby and
Rails puts such an emphasis on the developer
experience making that as nice as possible. And I feel
like that's something that Haskell has some
room to improve. Perhaps so pulling some of that is a good
thing
>> for sure, I think I picked up the phrase
poisoned actually from went to rails conf,
2015, with the company, and
we got to see Sandi Metz talk Sandi Metz,
said that she was poisoned by small talk and
was trying to poison Ruby with it, too.
And as far as I can tell, that's like a universally
good thing to do is introduce more small talk idioms into your programming
language.
>> Yeah, I think Ruby was pretty
strongly, um, inspired or maybe stole
from small talk quite a bit. So it's seems
to work out.
>> From what I can tell, Ruby is this weird
combination of Perl and PHP and small
talk and all of the rubyists that really care about programming languages
really want you to forget that it's not just small talk.
>> They say Don't look under the covers, you
know, PHP. You know, that kind of stuff. Leave it alone. Let's
just focus on small talk.
Well, my background's in javascript,
So you know, web app
programming?
>> sweet.
>> But now we're in Haskell. So
that's that's the good thing.
>> Yes. So, uh, since we had this kind of
shared background, I'm curious. What drew
you to Haskell in the first place?
>> So when I first started learning how to
program, I was doing java at the university
and I decided that there were Well, I didn't
decide. I found out that there were no java internships
in Athens, Georgia, where I was going to school
at. So it was like, Okay, well, like if I want to get an
internship, I need to use a language that other people
use. And I asked people in the
startup community the developer meetups what do people actually
use. And it came back that the community in
Athens had settled on Ruby and JavaScript with
JavaScript being more common more available
easier to get roles with. So I decided. All right, well, I gotta
learn. JavaScript and I picked up a book called Eloquent
JavaScript. And that book has right
next to each other. Two chapters, one on functional programming
and one on object oriented programming.
So I read the functional programming chapter, and it was mind
blowing and confusing, but seemed pretty cool. And I kind of
understood it. And then I read the object oriented chapter
and it was mind blowing and confusing, and I didn't really feel like
I understood it all. I'm sure
most of that it comes down to javascript, not at the
time having a good oriented story.
So The prototypes were very weird for me to
understand. Um, but I
decided. Okay, well, it seems like they're these
paradigms. I gotta learn the most object
oriented programming language. And I gotta learn the most
functional, functional programming language.
And I looked around and I saw Haskell, and
everyone kind of decided that Haskell was the functional
programming language. I was like, All right, well, I'm gonna learn that it's gonna
expand my brain. It'll be cool.
>> Yeah. And then, I guess for the most
object oriented you went ruby slash small talk.
>> Yeah. Ruby, I haven't actually ever worked with small talk.
I've read about it. I read the spec.
I tried implementing it in
rust, but it turns out that's really hard. And so I never actually
got that far with, but yeah, I
decided to do Ruby. Ruby was kind of an easy one to pick,
because, like everyone in the community that was doing
startups wanted to program in Ruby.
>> Yeah, I had a similar experience. Uh, not in
Athens, but in Dallas, Texas. Um,
although I'm surprised there weren't any Java jobs that
seems like kind of the safe bet. But there were definitely a
lot of ruby jobs very popular with the startup community. Ruby
and rails made that type of work. Like you said,
write A Twitter clone. You know, it's just tutorial stuff.
>> Yeah, I think I think the main reason there weren't Java jobs is that
Athens is just like a tiny community, only about
100,000 people in the city. And so there just was
not a tech scene. I think they were, like, maybe
for companies Total. And
there's, like, one or two. There's I think
two tech companies based out of Athens right now that are, like,
modestly successful.
>> Yeah, And they're not the big ones like Oracle or
Cisco. Something like that?
>> No, they might have 100 employees.
>> Yeah,
>> So, Matt, are you telling me you're a bulldog? Is that what you're
telling me here? If you're going to college in
Athens, then
>> I never went to a football
game. People tell me that I'm going to really regret that for the
rest of my life. And I still haven't ever felt any
desire to go to a football game.
>> I'm with you. There Matt. I went to UT I was a
longhorn. I went to one football game just to say that I
had gone and it was okay.
>> I'm a diehard gator. So,
you know, for me Bulldogs, you know,
they're just somebody to beat every year. But, you know, you
ever Matt if you ever find yourself in Florida in
October, you know, maybe we can
go to the Florida Georgia game in Jacksonville is pretty
sweet. That that would be one game that would be
cool to go to just because you're in a Pro Stadium.
They literally split the field half and half like
as fans. So it's kind of neat to see
uh, but it's also
>> I wouldn't wanna be right on that dividing line.
>> Yeah, it's very vicious on that line,
but any who its back on the you know, it's almost
like the divide of, like functional programming and
object oriented programming, you know,
>> We need to fill up a stadium
>> Which one is functional programming? Which one is object oriented
programming?
>> Obviously, the Gators
are the functional programmers just
kidding well, I think we take the teams out of that
one we Let that be more of the the
paradigms that we're really comparing there no, no football teams
needed.
>> Of course
>> Yeah, but awesome. Thanks for, uh, kind of
sharing that experience. So going you
went to the two extremes, which
is, you know, pretty cool. I got I
got started in the middle with, you know, javascript. So it was like,
which one do you pick? Because you can pick either
and good luck
>> or both. Same time.
>> You can just Sprinkle them in
>> Matt. Clearly the functional side kind of won
out. Um, I know it's a really complicated
question, but do you have a feeling of why
you gravitated toward functional rather than object oriented?
>> Well, yeah. So when I was working in that in the
Ruby internship, I ended up finding that it was
easier for me to, like, sketch out a
design for a problem in Haskell.
And I'd come up with ADTs and come with the basic data
transformations. I'd write that out in Haskell, and then I port it all to
Ruby, and the code that I wrote
that was based on, like, functional programming
paradigms in Ruby ended up being like,
easy to test, really easy to work with. It was very
easy to write. You know, TDD approaches
to this highly functional code
and by thinking more along the
lines of data structures and less along the lines of classes and
objects and messages, it was a lot easier to like
model problems such that the solutions
just kind of fell out naturally. One of
the things that we built at that company was
a message tree so that, like
you could have a text message conversation, and based on the answers, you gave
back different actions. would happened on the back end? Uh,
the first draft of this was to have an object with mutable
state that would update its internal state
based on what text messages were received back this
ended up being really complicated and difficult to work with.
So I replaced it with kind of a trie or a
tree of possible messages. And
each level in the tree had a choice
of messages that it could respond to. And
this is extremely easy to express as a
nested, sum type and you
port that over to Ruby and then the whole thing just works really
simply and nicely. Um
and so I just kept finding that I was more and more interested
in functional programming. I never, ever
modeled a problem in Ruby and then tried to solve
it in Haskell. And that's partially because I wasn't solving
problems in Haskell. I didn't have a Haskell job,
but then I got a Haskell
internship. My last year I was working with
Layer three communications out of Atlanta,
and I was getting to use Haskell to solve actual
problems. And I never once
tried to model a problem in Ruby
and then put it into Haskell.
>> Yeah, that's telling.
>> Yeah, it's funny.
>> I just got more and more interested and excited about it. I
started giving talks at the Athens developer meet Up
Group about it and eventually one of the
local startups in Athens actually started building
out some services in Haskell is an experiment,
and it came time for me to
graduate. I talked with the company. I had a few
folks that knew me from the community and they were gonna vouch for
me. And we're like, All right, let's try this out Let's try to
replace more and more of our PHP code with
Haskell.
>> Nice
>> kind of been doing it ever since.
>> Cool. Yeah, That's, uh, that's
really interesting to me because I feel I have some of the
same, um, like I programmed
in scripting languages. I would say PHP, Pearl,
Ruby, that type of stuff for quite a while.
And when I found Haskell, I was really excited because
it felt like the kind of natural
extension of my brain. Like the way that I model
problems matches how
Haskell wants me to model them anyway. So perfect
match and then. You get all these other auxiliary
benefits like you mentioned, they're easier to test. Easier to inspect,
Easier to think about. So yeah,
Curious to have that parallel
track going on?
>> Yeah, I think with I think with Haskell. The thing that's
really incredible is that it has sum types and then
you're able to say or
because in every other programming language, except
until very recently, you could only say and
and I don't know, like, I have never, ever tried to
limit myself to only saying, and
in like my personal life ot the
communications that I use, But it would be so
annoying. I can only imagine how annoying it would
be and then That's kind of how we restrict ourselves in our
programming environments we're saying All right, well, you're only allowed to say, and
you can't say or unless you're literally
saying true or false
>> right only for this one data
type, can you say or Yeah, Cam and I were
talking about this either last week or a couple weeks ago.
Where once you have those tools
of sum types in general being able to say this or
that, you start to wonder like, how did I
accomplish anything before I was able to do this? Just seems
crazy,
>> right? Unless I'm doing some
>> I have kind of the advantage of, like having learned
Haskell within, like having started to learn Haskell within
about, like, six months of learning to program at all. And so
I literally don't know how anyone uses that
I know that there are things like the visitor pattern that you can
do to kind of emulate them. But having never
had to actually write that code, it blows
my mind. It blows my mind that software anywhere
works for a huge amount of reasons,
and that's only one of them.
>> Yes, agreed.
>> and I think for me like my experience. I
started coding in college like that was my first ever
experience, even thinking about programming. And at
that point, you know, you're learning Java or
C plus plus and like it's very
object oriented like there's not a ton of functional
programming concepts at least taught at the program I was
in, Uh, and, like
you know, once I had learned I got a JavaScript
internship, actually hear it ITProTV like that's where I
started. Um, you know, it offered
me, like, a little more flexibility than all the, you know,
object oriented programming languages. I was used to like C plus plus
and Java. Um, but then,
thankfully, a couple years later, I was introduced a Haskell
Well, Elm and then Haskell and like,
yeah, like Taylor said, it's just like you said.
It's awesome to be able to really model things
in such an inclusive way. Like
there's so many ways and things things you can
express with Haskell that you just can't clearly
express in JavaScript or any of those other object
oriented programming languages.
>> So Elm was the gateway drug for you.
>> Oh, yeah, Matt
Have you ever used Elm.
>> I have not.
>> Okay, well, if you're interested in front end languages,
you should try it.
>> It's a good one. It's funny. I feel like the Haskell
community has kind of a complicated relationship with
Elm because on the one hand, for many people it
is a gateway like it's a simple version of
Haskell that can introduce you to the concepts.
But the other side of that double edged
sword is that it doesn't have all the fancy
stuff that Haskell has that people that use Haskell really like
like effect systems and monads and all this stuff.
>> Mhm, yeah, the type class system. Not
having that. does really trip me up
a lot. And then they have one type class. It's called
comparable. And you're like, What? What is
this
>> Magic!
>> Yeah, I'm familiar with
Elm. It seems like a really like it has the most important
features for doing functional programming correctly. Like I wouldn't
want it. I wouldn't want to take away sum types I wouldn't want
to take away, like pure functions on. I wouldn't want to
take away like generics or type variables or whatever they
have, because I feel like they have like the most
important things for it. Um,
yeah,
>> it's kind of like the simplest possible.
>> Yes, yes, My take on the front end
is that I don't want to do it. And so
whatever technology will allow me to push that on to someone
else. That's the best technology for me on the
front end. If I had to write my own like
interactive, single page app, I would want to use probably pure
script. My experiences with that have always
just been extremely positive. Great
community, great language. Libraries are pretty
high quality when they exist. And
>> the editor tooling
>> Yes, the editor tooling. It just works. It's amazing.
>> Yeah, Haskell is getting there, but it's a
slow process.
>> Yeah, you know, I dedicate about eight
hours a year to trying to figure out if the editor
tooling situation has gotten any better, and it
has not every single year that
I've tried to do it.
>> Well, this year might be the one that it changes the year of the Linux
desktop and the Haskell tooling
coincide.
>> I would love it.
>> Mhm. That's awesome.
>> my problem Is that it always. It always works fine on small
projects. It does seem like the
size of a project is increasing
before the tooling kind of falls over.
But I have received
I've tried to get it working with the work project at Lumi
and it does not work. What
happens is it will get through, like, kind of the beginning of the
module hierarchy. alright so the stuff that
doesn't have any dependencies, you'll get pretty good feedback. But once we
start getting into like, oh, I don't know,
like the we have about 700 modules in the
project. And once you start getting into about module 300
400 the feedback just takes
way too long for it to be useful.
>> So what we need is the,
uh size that the tooling is okay with
to grow faster than the average size of a Haskell
project.
>> That's correct.
>> It'll tip over eventually.
>> I can write Haskell code faster than people can release.
Fast tooling. Unfortunately.
>> Just slow down Matt. The problem will take care of itself.
Write less code. Um, well, cool.
I appreciate you, You know, giving us some insight in
to How you got to where you are. Um, I
wanna turn our attention a little bit now. toward the book
that you're in the process of writing. I know that you've been
working on it for at least several months now, and you have
several hundred pages to show for yourself. But can
you, uh, tell us about it?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um, the book actually
started out as a joint project between me and Sandy
Maguire. He was going to
write all the advanced type level
system stuff, and I was going to write another section
on other advanced Haskell techniques.
And I was,
uh, unable to work on
the book fast enough. And so he ended up taking his half of it and
releasing thinking with types. So I've actually I've
had this project on the back burner for a really long time, but
I've had a hard time getting started with it until
really Until about August of last year, I was diagnosed with
ADHD And started receiving treatment for it. And in
the intervening time, I'm up to about 400
I think 418 pages.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, yeah, it's amazing what executive dysfunction
can do or not,
>> So the treatment is working
>> Yeah, but the idea initially
I wanted to write kind of a book on intermediate to Advanced
Haskell that would be useful for someone that had completed
something like Haskell Book or Haskell from First
Principles or Graham Hutton's book or some other
introductory text, and was stuck knowing
the language but not knowing how to actually build
something useful with Haskell. Because once you
understand monads and maybe monad Transformers,
you're able to, like, write, code and
understand code. But then you're kind of plopped into this
ecosystem. That's mystifying.
That is just very difficult to
discover, despite the presence of tools like Hoogle,
which, given a type signature, could give or,
you know, some things that will implement that type
signature. And so
this book. I'm really I'm wanting to say
you can use Haskell in industry. You could make a
lot of money with it, and it's really cool.
But it's tricky. It's different than other systems.
It's different than other ecosystems.
So what I want to do here is say, I don't
know like what the best way is, but I have
watched projects work and I've watched projects
fail, and this is kind of the
advice that I have to have your project work.
>> I mean, I think, honestly, the community needs that
Yeah, think from as
a programmer myself who you know works in Haskell
day to day. And it's maintaining, you know, a
relatively large project that continues to grow.
You know, it helps to be able to
kind of say Okay, what can we improve and
why are we going to make these improvements? So I think that would be
really beneficial.
>> Yeah, And the Haskell community has a lot of
beginner. Resources like you mentioned, you
know, Haskell programming from First Principles,
Hutton's book and the other one,
um, learn you a Haskell for great good
and there's Also, a lot of like
very expert things
like real world Haskell or like you mentioned Sandy's
book and many, many others, Um and So I
feel like you're feeling an important gap here. where like, Yeah, I can do
Haskell in the small But how do I
leverage those skills to produce a system?
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I think
one of the one of the difficult things about
Haskell is that its attributes as a
language. It's so much more productive
when it comes to just the act of writing software.
That part of being a Haskell developer is
so much better. And
I am obviously biased, uh, in part
because I use Haskell all the time and also in part because I
don't actually know what it's really
like to be a professional engineer with any other
kind of language. But
I do think that Haskell is a superpower in terms of software
engineering, but that's only one
part of the system. And so when one
part of a system becomes super optimized and super
fast, you have to let the rest of the
system kind of optimize around this new set point.
It's kind of like, you know, when you're writing concurrency
code, if you have a queue and that queue doesn't have
a limit in its size or it doesn't have any back
pressure, that queue can overflow and blow everything up.
>> Yeah,
>> um, at the at the first job, we actually witnessed
this kind of
in the actual performance of the Haskell
code and also in how the team was working.
I think I was able to mostly on my
own, develop a code base that was around 35 to
40,000 lines of Haskell.
>> Wow, What kind of time frame?
>> Um, I think that was within my first like
year of working there.
Yeah, it was pretty early, but you know,
Haskell, it's just so easy to write code that works, that it
was just for the most part. Also, it
helps that I was to some extent taking existing
PHP projects and transpiling or
porting, transcribing them porting them, making them better.
But we had one system that I
wrote, and it was so much
faster than the equivalent PHP system that
when we dropped the new system in it revealed a
lot of performance problems in every other
component that touched it. We had servers that were
falling over because they weren't used to having
a, you know, back in server that was responding so
fast. So we ended up having to
actually artificially slow down the Haskell service in
order to deal with that problem. Now, eventually, a
lot more of those services got folded over into Haskell and that
made everything like a lot faster. But you
can't just make one part of a system better and
expect the whole system to improve.
And I think that's something that's, like not,
uh, intuitive. It's not something that I think
people are. It's It is weird,
right? Like you expect. Okay, well, I'm gonna make one part faster. Everything else should
get better.
>> Well, or at the very least. Everything else should
not get worse. But like you, you know, like you lay
out in this example, things kind of depend
on a particular level of performance. So if you just completely
blow out of the water, they don't know what to do anymore, or they
fall over, or who knows?
>> Yeah. And on the productivity side of
things, you know, you might
you might be a 10x developer if you're using
Haskell. But that only applies to the actual code that you
write. You have to write documentation
you have to care about, like, observability of a feature you have to care
about, You know, a continuous integration and testing and
all this stuff. And those aren't any faster with
Haskell. In fact, I think in a lot of cases they're slower,
Um, integrating with like, an error reporting service
is something that I've had to do recently and in every
other language you just like import error
reporting service into your package
file. Crazy java metadata
Hacking happens after that. Or like, Ruby
scripts get rewritten behind the scenes and you just get error
reporting. Haskell.
>> None of it is pretty, but it just works.
>> Yeah, exactly. And, you know, in Haskell that's
not the case. Um, nothing
is off the shelf. Nothing just works. You have to
thread in everything that you want to care about.
Um I think that that does over the
long run give you, like, a better signal to noise ratio.
But, you know, it's still
annoying that we have to put together our own stack
traces for exceptions.
>> Oh, my gosh, you're striking a nerve
here because we've been struggling with this at our job as well
as, well, where we want to just plug in exception reporting.
But we have to remember like, Oh, we forked a thread here,
but we forgot to install the exception handler. So those have just been
throwing into the ether in the meantime.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah, I I've It's a problem that I keep coming back
to. I want to have, a exception wrapper
type that carries just a list
of like I don't know, Aeson values. Just
some random metadata. You can attach an exception,
but it is so
tricky to figure out how to
deal with that information. Because if you
want to do this and you want to attach that information directly to the
exceptions, well, now you have
to write a special catch function that
looks at the exception and tries to determine. Okay, Well,
are you what I'm trying to catch? Or are you a
version that's annotated with metadata? And I need to
preserve that metadata if the exception gets
rethrown?
>> We've been struggling. You're hitting all the nerves here because we have this
exact problem, not with arbitrary metadata, but just with the call
stack. And it's, you know, we have to provide the wrapping and
unwrapping and catching and throwing and all this. It's
painful and, you know, bringing it back to the larger point.
Earlier, we were talking about tooling being bad, and I
think one of the reasons that Haskell tooling
can kind of get away with being subpar
is that it is such a productive language
that you can kind of get away without it until you
start getting little glimpses of it. You know, like we've been trying
out Haskell Language server. And for the few minutes that it
manages to work for, some of us we're like, Oh,
my gosh, this is game changing. I want to do this every
day, but then it crashes it. Sorry, I don't want to
besmirch HLS. It's a fantastic project. We haven't had good
luck getting it to work at work.
>> Yeah, like you said, smaller
projects, it looks works pretty well. It's fantastic.
And then we try to bring it into our larger
project, and we just have trouble. But, you know, we have
hope we're going to continue to try it and
do anything we can to help it.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. I do think that you're right and
that the additional productivity of the
language means that we can get away with less. IDE support I
actually have ah kind of tongue in cheek law of the
universe. It's the law of
conservation, of engineering, suffering
where if you make one thing nicer, something else will get
worse in order to make sure that you're always as unhappy as you can
be.
>> Well, yeah, you always gotta aspire to better,
right? You know, it's gonna always have something to work for.
>> This sounds like a glass half full glass, half empty type of
way.
>> Always a glass half full kind of person.
>> Well, awesome. Yeah,
you said so much that I agree with. And I feel like we could spend
30 minutes just talking about each and every little bit of
minutia here. But bringing
it back to your book it sounds like a fascinating resource
and super valuable for the community.
Um, I managed to snag a pre release
version by advertising in Haskell Weekly.
Not everyone can do that. If other people want to get their hands on
this, how can they do it?
>> Well, the book is currently available for sale on Leanpub.
And so, if you, I think to
leanpub.com/production-haskell
that will bring up the book sale page and you'll be able to
acquire it. If you get it now, you will receive
updates. You'll receive email updates. I'm doing a
release about once a month, and I'm including a change log
and everything. I do You can follow the Twitter
account @ProdHaskell
and that will also keep you up to date on
the status of the book and how things were going with it.
>> Excellent. I'll be sure to
include those links in the show notes. So if people
are lazy and looking for something to click on, I'll give
them just that. Yeah.
Um and yeah. Is there anything else you want people to
know about? You like your twitter handle or where
to find you what you're doing?
>> Oh, yeah. My twitter handle is
@MattOfLambda.
Um and
yeah, I'm on the FP chat slack a lot. So if
you have any questions or want help with programming Haskell,
hop on there, we'll be able to get you
sorted, make sure everything is good and happy.
>> Excellent.
>> Yeah, mostly, though, I'm doing a lot of bike riding.
>> Oh, yeah, Let's talk about that because I'm also
a bike rider. Um,
>> This is nowp a cycling podcast.
>> Yeah, maybe we need to spin off
podcast, um, It's funny I was listening to another
podcast today called the bike shed. But it's not about bikes,
it's about programming.
Um, but yeah, it's funny. I think that cycling is one of the more
popular, like the Venn diagram of
cyclists and programmers I think is almost a circle.
>> Yeah, it's interesting. I
like it because it's so It's so
deterministic. I just got an
indoor trainer. Um, that has, like a power meter
built in and training with a
power meter is about as objective is like
lifting weights at the gym and that you know
exactly how much work you're
doing,
man. Like you add the time dimension to
power. And it's like the analysis you can do on it
is nuts. It's fun.
Like I've been trying out all these different apps and checking out
all these different ways of analyzing your fitness and your
freshness and how much you should train. There's
so much there. It's so cool. I spend more
time looking at charts than I do actually riding my bike. Maybe
>> you gotta look at the
charts while you're on the bike, you know, multi
task.
>> That's a valid option
>> that sounds awesome. Mhm.
All right, well, I think that'll about do it for
us. Like I said, there's so much more that we could dig into here.
But I get the feeling reading the book will be a good
opportunity to dig into some of those topics.
Um, so thank you for joining us today, Matt. I hope you had a good
time. I've had a great time.
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome having you on the show
>> this was fun. Thank you so much.
>> And, Cam, you wanna walk us out with the usual
>> where they can find us? Uh, here at Haskell weekly.
You can find us on the
Web at
HaskellWeekly.News. You can also
find us on pretty much any social
media platform
@HaskellWeekly. Um,
and obviously sign up for the newsletter if you already have it. If you haven't
already that way you can see, um, all the
great content that the community is creating and you
know we've We've done covered quite a few
topics that Matt's even talked about. So, you know, if you're ever
interested in what's going on the community, please check out
our and subscribe to the weekly news
letter.
>> That's the important part. And we are brought to you
by our employer ITProTV the e
learning platform for IT professionals. On if you
go to itpro.tv you can
apply the promo code HaskellWeekly30 at check out
to get 30% off the lifetime of your
subscription.
>> Oh, yeah? Well, thank you guys both for being
on the show today. It has been a blast. Thank you all for
listening. And I'm signing us out. Haskell
Weekly.
>> See you
>> Peace.